Hey guys welcome back to the chorus.
All right so in the section we can have a little bit of a short section but we're going to focus on
Instagram ads now specifically ads are sponsored post and you see them on your feet when you're scrolling.
And also a sponsored at the top.
It comes from someone you are not following and it has different rules for what type of content and
what type of buttons and cold actions they can actually put in.
Personally I think Instagram ads are kind of just an extension of Facebook ads.
However we just kind of have to take the twist and flavor Instagram and apply it to the same best practice
principles that we'd usually use with something like Facebook.
So if you don't really want to focus on your organic traffic strategy or hey you just want to maybe
boost your account or just pay to throw an ad out there because you know the audience on this platform
work for you well OK.
That's what we're going to do in this section.
All right.
Without further ado.
See you in the next lecture.